Improves documentation based on user feeback (#82)
uab-cgds-worthey/quac: docs/faq.md

# FAQ

## QuaC workflow failed due to `Error: Directory cannot be locked`

See [snakemake docs
here](https://snakemake.readthedocs.io/en/stable/project_info/faq.html#how-does-snakemake-lock-the-working-directory) on
why snakemake locks the working directory. `Error: Directory cannot be locked` might happen when the parent snakemake
process gets killed unexpectedly before completion. It is recommended to investigate why it got killed before proceeding

> to the next step. If you want to remove the lock (ie. unlock it), run `src/run_quac.py` with -e='--unlock'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the next step. If you want to remove the lock (ie. unlock it), add `-e='--unlock'` to your original run `src/run_quac.py` command.
Once that has completed you can run the original command again and the pipeline will pick up from it's last state.
```
I finding adding this little extra push on the process of unlocking helpful since it's not always clear that you need to just add the `-e` onto your exact previous command.

Author: Makes sense :)
